---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_I4_2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldarg_1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Add_Ovf_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_R_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Cgt
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldind_I1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldloc_2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ckfinite
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stloc_2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_I2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_I8_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Blt_Un_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Sizeof
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_U8_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.And
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Bne_Un_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stelem_I8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Switch
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Xor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldarga
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.TakesSingleByteArgument(System.Reflection.Emit.OpCode)
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Mul
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldnull
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Call
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldarg_0
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Newobj
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_I2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_U1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stind_I4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldind_U2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Endfilter
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Blt
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Unbox_Any
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Prefix3
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Tailcall
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldfld
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Calli
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Sub_Ovf
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Rem
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Nop
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Or
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_I4_3
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_I1_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldloca
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Bge_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldloc_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Br
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_I1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Constrained
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Starg
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stelem_R4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Castclass
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_U1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldarga_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_U4_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Leave_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Brtrue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Prefix4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Prefix2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stelem_Ref
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldftn
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stloc_3
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Dup
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Mul_Ovf
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_I4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stind_I1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_U8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Break
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldelem_I
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldloc
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Prefixref
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_I8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldelem_I2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_I4_0
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Callvirt
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Cpobj
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stind_I2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldarg_3
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_U2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldind_I4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Beq
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldelem
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Sub
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Prefix7
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Readonly
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Blt_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_R8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldelem_R4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Initobj
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stind_I
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Pop
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stsfld
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ble_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stloc_1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_U4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stloc_0
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_R4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Bge_Un_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldelem_I1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_I4_1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Jmp
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Mul_Ovf_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldelema
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stind_R4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stelem
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stelem_I
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Shr_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_R4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Bne_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_I_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_I4_6
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Neg
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldlen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Div_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldelem_U1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Box
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ret
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_I4_M1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldtoken
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_U_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_I
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Prefix1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Prefix5
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_I4_5
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldsfld
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Prefix6
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_U8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Volatile
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_U
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldind_I2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldloca_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Mkrefany
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Isinst
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_I4_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldelem_Ref
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Initblk
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldloc_0
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Add_Ovf
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Starg_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stind_I8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldelem_U4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_I8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ble_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Clt
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stind_R8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Throw
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Bgt
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldstr
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldelem_U2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Unaligned
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Shr
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldind_U4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ble_Un_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stloc
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stelem_I2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_I4_8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Unbox
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_I4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Clt_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_I8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldloc_1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Shl
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Brtrue_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_I2_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Add
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldind_I
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stelem_I4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Beq_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldarg_2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldelem_I4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Leave
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Blt_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_U2_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldind_Ref
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Refanyval
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Br_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_U4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldelem_R8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_I4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_I4_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldind_U1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldind_I8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Arglist
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldsflda
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldind_R4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldobj
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldarg
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stfld
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Bge
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldvirtftn
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Not
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_I4_7
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stobj
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stelem_R8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_I4_4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Newarr
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_U
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Div
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_I1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Brfalse
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ceq
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Rethrow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Refanytype
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldind_R8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stind_Ref
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldc_R8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_I
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Cpblk
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldelem_I8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stloc_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Bge_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Localloc
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Rem_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Sub_Ovf_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_U2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Bgt_Un_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Cgt_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldflda
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Bgt_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Conv_Ovf_U1_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Bgt_Un
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Endfinally
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldloc_3
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Stelem_I1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ldarg_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Brfalse_S
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Reflection.Emit.OpCodes.Ble
internalonly: False
---
