---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.wTypeFlags
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.lpstrSchema
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.cbAlignment
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.lcid
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.dwReserved
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.memidDestructor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.typekind
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.idldescType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.memidConstructor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.cbSizeVft
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.cFuncs
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.cbSizeInstance
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.wMinorVerNum
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.guid
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.cVars
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.MEMBER_ID_NIL
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.cImplTypes
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.tdescAlias
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.TYPEATTR.wMajorVerNum
internalonly: False
---
